I, I I didn't realize that I wasn't recording ok we're recording now, so we're, that works. So, we were both talking about the general layout of the main page. We're thinking about doing, like, can you see the whiteboard?
2 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah, yeah, I'm looking at it right now. Yeah, so we have.
3 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Two sides. This is just the the left side is the general framework.
4 "izik" (1801721600)
Work that we're working on before.
5 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
And then the right side is what we think about the homepage. So.
6 "izik" (1801721600)
Okay, that's fine.
7 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
So we're thinking about basically for the homepage you have like the logos stats, sports, and then a dropdown as like a navigation bar.
8 "izik" (1801721600)
You can get like a profile page.
9 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
See if you're logged in.
10 "izik" (1801721600)
Do you think it's too much on the screen? Like, especially this oh wait, can you still.
11 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Oh, it's gonna be way smaller when we're making at the actual product. It won't be like this big because it's kind of hard to draw.
12 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah. No I I know I know. So this is the dropdown. Oh, this is the dropdown that is ok, ok, I see I see.
13 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah, so like the dropdown will obviously be a lot smaller. Yeah. And then the top ten maybe it will take up like half the page or something but and then this is our header up here.
14 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
What is this? Quote, a quote, like we provide statistics, you provide predictions or something like that or we can revise that later.
15 "izik" (1801721600)
Oh, this is just the, this is just the oh, ok, I see. Yeah.
16 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
So at the bottom I think if the middle part's like 50 are yeah 5020 500 above. Yeah, yeah. Actually, probably like a 6020. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, It's Because here's the thing. We below this dropdown we could have like sponsors if we want anything there.
17 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Just to make it more symmetrical yeah yeah yeah behind navigating these the sponsors if we want to.
18 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
And, le left side you have the top ten players currently playing, and in the middle you have like the logo quotes, three or four super.
19 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yeah, three or four game sorry. Yeah, three or three or four like super popular games currently right now, and then at the bottom it would be like it would be like create account today.
20 "izik" (1801721600)
Okay. Yeah. Do you want to do popular games or do you want to do like popular stats or like popular?
21 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
That's where we don't have to do that right away. That's yeah.
22 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Something popular goes there. Okay.
23 "izik" (1801721600)
Maybe like popular things that people are betting on. And that doesn't have to be functional, That'll just be like static, but, yeah.
24 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
So I, I I think this is a good starting point at least in terms of like the, the load, like the load out of our website.
25 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah, it's very rough right now, so it's like obviously something to change.
26 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah we'll probably like change it as we start. Did you, did we go over like who's doing what? Was everyone in here in here or?
27 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Was just me and Josh and you.
28 "izik" (1801721600)
Two people ****.
29 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yeah. Lewis, I think his name is.
30 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
And then the other guy, he, he is Renee.
31 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah.
32 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yeah, he, he doesn't like to pay attention to discord that much. So I'm not knocking him but yeah so we we need to probably tomorrow we should probably talk to him about.
33 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah. Do we have anything due for tomorrow? No, it's.
34 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
I'm pretty sure that's gonna be APIs.
35 "izik" (1801721600)
Sweet like team or individual?
36 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Individual but we could still talk to each other about how to like work APIs because I've never used them before. Yeah. Yeah, but overall this is a good start. We should probably meet tomorrow night as well.
37 "izik" (1801721600)
I don't know, I can't do it tomorrow night.
38 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
I do tomorrow night? No.
39 "izik" (1801721600)
No, and I I in class of four. Okay. Yeah, I mean I can do like five.
40 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
You can do five?
41 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah I'm not I have class until six tomorrow. Oh, ok. So I would be, it would be at night for me like sometime.
42 "izik" (1801721600)
Okay, what about like seven? Yeah, I can.
43 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Okay I mean if it's only gonna be like what three of us? Well, yeah. So basically what that is, is I'll start working a little bit on the HTML tomorrow, just like a very quick outline. Oh, yeah.
44 "izik" (1801721600)
Wow.
45 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Well, I already made a push basically cleaning up the file system that we currently have. Like I moved all the proposals into a file. The constitution stuff's in its own file and now it's basically just a read me in the main, in the main webpage.
46 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah yeah ok yeah.
47 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
But I think we're all good.
48 "izik" (1801721600)
Is there like an idea of what you guys wanna do?
49 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Do you know how to do you know how to set up the SQL stuff with the current I'm really bad with that.
50 "izik" (1801721600)
That was the one thing I I really screwed up on. I'm good with the CSS part. That's, I'm really good at that. And like CSS was just like animations. I think I think.
51 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
We've yeah, we could definitely have you do a lot of the JavaScript and CSS in terms of like getting things to flow correctly. Yeah. I could definitely hand Yeah, I we just need to figure out the, how to set up like the tables.
52 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah, the tables is really annoying. I hated that so much.
53 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
I could probably get started on that like very roughly.
54 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yeah, if, and if anybody would get access to the tables, it would be you pan. Yeah cause you have, you're you're the one who owns the web page, right? Or the VM?
55 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah.
56 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yes, I think you would have to set that up, but we can definitely talk to the, we, we will all talk, we should talk to Callihant tomorrow as a group to figure out how we do that.
57 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah, I could also add you guys to the VM if you guys want.
58 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Oh yeah, we Oh yeah, you're right, you're right.
59 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yes I could do that tomorrow in class.
60 "izik" (1801721600)
Did you like, how did you set up the VM to the GitHub?
61 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
I literally just pushed GitHub.
62 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
If you guys want, I could show you how to, like to end off the meeting, I could show you guys how to put your, your, like your GitHub on your personal VM. I was just asking me about that, right?
63 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yeah, because I I saw the steps, but I was like, how does that do that? Like how does it work exactly? Is it, is it basically the steps that we did an intro? Or NO, but is it the steps that call hands told you?
64 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah, I could do like a screen share and if you guys want to follow along cause I gotta do it from my own VM. Yeah yeah NO worries. And you're recording this, right? We could like just show.
65 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
It says record, so I think we're good. I need to figure out how to collect that file. I think at least right now it shouldn't be an issue.
66 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
That could just happen later, we're.
67 "izik" (1801721600)
Who was singing? I don't know if you guys hear that, I doubt you guys do, but No I didn't hear it today. Okay. It's pretty funny.
68 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yeah, I didn't hear any hear singing from. Yeah, give me 1 s.
69 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
So I, I think this is a good part. If you guys have like an extra 15 20 min or you're free tomorrow, oh yeah, I'll handle the HTML tomorrow and then for the in terms of the weekend we can work on our own, at our own paces.
70 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah, after we assign work, right? Yeah. Give a scrum master? Do we need that?
71 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
No, NO. Technically I think our professor is the scrum master.
72 "izik" (1801721600)
Oh, ok. Yeah. Oh yeah yeah yeah and then we're all developers, ok. Yes.
73 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yeah, so I think we're all, we're all good.
74 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah yeah.
75 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
So, we'll, we'll call it.
76 "izik" (1801721600)
Oh, was he gonna show us how to get the Vmiss up? I think if you.
77 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
I could share my if you guys want I could share my screen right now and set up with you.
78 "izik" (1801721600)
If you wanted to do it Josh I mean, I don't know. Yeah, yeah.
79 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
If you wouldn't mind showing us right now.
80 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Okay, yeah. All right. Let me share my screen ok could you guys see my screen? Yes. Yes. Okay.
81 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Sorry, let me You probably have your own black account.
82 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Alright, so you gotta get the command 1st from Callhan?
83 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Oh yeah, I threw it in the team one a while ago, but I'll I'll do it again.
84 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Oh, where the hell?
85 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Oh yeah, it's really far up there. Use the search bar for like pseudo.
86 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Oh, right here, ok. So, ok, get this, so you wanna SSH into your VM real quick?
87 "izik" (1801721600)
You'd have to use that search bar? Right, you went into general, oh.
88 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah, just type in just type in what is it? Pseudo, and dr..
89 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah I got it.
90 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
And you guys gotta start your your VM.
91 "izik" (1801721600)
Oh, yeah.
92 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
And you guys know the connector, right?
93 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Yes I well, what do you mean today.
94 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Like your.
95 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Save in the link. Yep.
96 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
And get the, open up your.
97 "izik" (1801721600)
It's taken so long to load my VM.
98 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah, I think that's normal. Yep. Okay, so you basically just wait.
99 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Sure VN comes up, log in, ok, and then you literally copy and paste the code.
100 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah, and then afterwards you get this key, right? Just copy and copy and paste the whole thing that spits out. You go to, you go to your GitHub repository, settings, deploy keys, and you just add a key.
101 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
And will that mean, will that automatically update it every time that you turn on the VM or?
102 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
The key will always be there. This just makes it so you could connect to the, it'll it'll allow you to pull your repository onto the VM.
103 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Okay, and then do you do like a get pull? Yeah.
104 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Just go to/bar/and then you just do pseudo git pull, your GitHub repository pseudo git pull this should be HTTPS.
105 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Oh, and it's not git pull I'm so dumb, it's, it's a git clone.
106 "izik" (1801721600)
Pseudo get cloned.
107 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yeah, I was pulling nothing.
108 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Okay.
109 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Yep, let's do yes, and that's it. You got the repository.
110 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
That's good. Okay, thank you so much.
111 "izik" (1801721600)
So then every time you push to the GitHub, you have to pull it onto.
112 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Azure. Yeah, but then Callhan said he's gonna give you a script that does that for you. So you don't have to worry about that, I think about like just manually pulling, but for now you have to manually pull. Yeah.
113 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah, I'm gonna try to try to do this tomorrow because I don't know why my I just can't It's just, it just says it's loading, it's not even Yeah I don't know.
114 "Pan, Shimu" (573298688)
Weird. Yeah, that's fine. I could like just show again in the class tomorrow cause Isaac and not Isaac, sorry. The other dude and Lewis isn't here.
115 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah.
116 "izik" (1801721600)
Oh, there you go. Now I got it. Oh nice, that's funny. Yeah alright why can I start?
117 "Collins, Joshua" (3213051136)
Okay, so see you guys later.
118 "izik" (1801721600)
Yeah. All right. I'll see you guys. Yep. See you guys.